---
title: AP Classroom Collegeboard MCQ Test 2
layout: post 
description: Test Corrections
---



# Question 1
- The correct answer: D. x = 3, y = 2, z = 1, My answer: I selected option A, where x=1, y=2, and z=3, which operates correctly with the code. However, the question asked for the values that cause the code to not function properly.

# Question 6
- I chose option C and the correct answer was D because the expression (num MOD 2) will compute the remainder when num is divided by 2. This code fragment works as intended.

# Question 7
- I chose option A which was change all occurences of "goats" to "sheep" first and change occurences after but the correct answer was option C because it had 3 steps in it but the one I chose only had two, whereas in the answer I chose they forgot to include changing Foxes to Sheep.

# Question 11
- I chose option C which was false because if input B is false, the resulting value coming out of the OR gate will be true (since the value of A is true). Since the value of C is true, the resulting value coming out of the AND gate is true. This result contradicts the statement.

# Question 13
- I chose option A which was II only and the correct answer was option D as it was II and III only because options II and III provide ( age > 16 ) and ( NOT (AGE>18))

# Question 14
-I chose option C which was that the Input A could be true or false, correct answer was option A because it must be true in order for the function to fully run.  If it is false than the function would stop

# Question 16
- The option I selected (B) is incorrect because it only scans the list, whereas the correct option (C) is accurate because it selects distinct values to be summed up.

# Question 45
-The selection of option A is incorrect as a heuristic approach involves finding an approximate solution instead of a precise one. This is utilized in situations where it is not feasible to solve a problem using an algorithm within a reasonable time frame. Hence, option C is the correct choice.

# Question 47
-The answer choice I selected (D) is incorrect, as sorting a list of numbers can typically be performed with a precise outcome and in a reasonable amount of time. The correct answer is (C) because a program to find the quickest driving route between two points can't be calculated within a reasonable time frame as there are an infinite number of routes. However, an approximate solution is acceptable as it doesn't have significant consequences.

# Question 49
The incorrect answer choice (B) assumes that all problems can be solved by a computer given enough time and an algorithm, but this is not the case. There are some problems that cannot be solved, hence why answer choice (D) is the correct one.


# What I will do to improve
- I will spend a lot more time watching videos and understanding the concepts better
- I will ask peers for help when needed and not fall behind on any projects or assignments

# Reflection 
Overall, I think I did really bad on this quiz and I think that I need to study more on certain topics and spend more time watching the videos that each section has attached to them.


